Populate mentions tab with message history (#4475)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: 7TV badges now automatically update upon changing. (#4512)
- Minor: Stream status requests are now batched. (#4713)
- Minor: Added `/c2-theme-autoreload` command to automatically reload a custom theme. This is useful for when you're developing your own theme. (#4718)

> - Minor: Populate mentions tab with messages from history. (#4475)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Mentions loaded from message history will now appear in the /mentions tab. (#4475)
```
explains what the feature actually does better for users

Reviewer 2: Maybe replace message history with historical messages
